docs(security): add docs oauth client (#2245)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/security/authentication.md

Then, you refer to this via a decorator like `@UseGuards(AuthGuard('myjwt'))`.

#### OAuth Client

> If in our application we need a third-party authentication (services such as google, twitter, facebook, etc.), create a strategy using the OAuth2 protocol (Open Authorization), an open standard protocol that a secure API authorization like this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If in our application we need third-party authentication (services such as Google, Twitter, Facebook etc.), we can create a strategy using the OAuth2 protocol (Open Authorization) like this:
```

```typescript
import { PassportStrategy } from '@nestjs/passport';

> import { Strategy, VerifyCallback } from 'passport-google-oauth20';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { Strategy } from 'passport-google-oauth20';
```

import { Injectable } from '@nestjs/common';

@Injectable()

> export class GoogleStrategy extends PassportStrategy(Strategy, 'google') {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export class GoogleStrategy extends PassportStrategy(Strategy) {
```

> export class GoogleStrategy extends PassportStrategy(Strategy, 'google') {

Author: can you make me the change request? how did you do with the text?

> export class GoogleStrategy extends PassportStrategy(Strategy, 'google') {

Author: Ok, Done!

    constructor() {
        super({
            clientID: 'CLIENT_ID',
            clientSecret: 'CLIENT_SECRET',
            callbackURL: 'CALLBACK_URL',
            scope: ['email', 'profile'],
        });
    }
    

>     async validate(accessToken: string, refreshToken: string, profile: any, done: VerifyCallback): Promise<any> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
async validate(accessToken: string, refreshToken: string, profile: any): Promise<any> {
```

>     async validate(accessToken: string, refreshToken: string, profile: any, done: VerifyCallback): Promise<any> {

Reviewer: Why do you have `done` as a property when you don't use it and just return a promise instead?

Author: Can you commit me to the change? because I didn't quite understand what point you are referring to

Author: can you make me the change request? how did you do with the text?

Author: Ok, Done!
